Products - page conetents

SurfKit
Engine Upgrade Kits for Surf Rescue
PSP's SurfKit is a collection of powerfully upgraded engine components that are designed for strength and reliability under surf lifesaving conditions. They are a favourite among surf lifesaving clubs, and competitive sport users.

SurfKit Products & Components
These kits and components are unique products that are available from PSP. Contact

Surf Kit
Safety Strop (General)
Dia 10 Outboard Support Rod
UHMWPE Solid Engine Mounts (set of 4)
Bungy cowling clamp system
Pull start extension
IRB Rack (3 tier 316 S/S)
S/S Compression tube
Weighted Racing Spinners (set of 2)
Standard Spinners (set of 2)
SurfKit Pricing & Stockists
Contact us for details on pricing, availability, and the best place to puchase and install the PSP SurfKit near you.

Name:
Enter your name
Email Address:
Enter your email
Which products are you enquiring about?

-------------------------------------------------

Vision Trap™
Trap Maintenance Made Easy
Vision Trap™ is a faster, easier, safer way to maintain air-conditioning drainage lines. It is designed specifically for air-conditioning maintenance and is a direct replacement for the traditional p-trap.

Vision Trap™ offers:

‘One glance’ monitoring: The transparent bowl lets you check for build-up quickly and easily, without having to gain access.
Access in seconds: Need to remove a potential blockage? Simply unscrew the transparent bowl, flush out any debris, then screw it back in.
Compact design: Measuring just 90mm high, Vision Trap™ is designed to fit easily into tight ceiling spaces.
Greater capacity: With a capacity of 225ml, Vision Trap™ can hold twice as much water as a traditional p-trap.
Ongoing protection: Add a single sterilising tablet for long-lasting protection against bacteria, viruses, fungi and spores.
EnquireSee our StockistsHow to Install
How Vision Trap™ Works
Vision Trap™ is a versatile device that can be used anywhere a P-Trap exists. In air-conditioning systems it provides a safer, easier to access alternative to a P-Trap.

Applications
Suction-fan A/C Systems

The Vision Trap™ is a P-Trap / Air-Break that is crucial for the healthy operation of all A/C systems with a suction fan.  By breaking suction, the Vision Trap™ ensures smooth water flow through your drainage system.  Its clear bowl enables you to detect any contamination build-up early, thus preventing severe water damage caused by tray overflow.

Gravity-drain A/C Systems

It also makes good sense to install the Vision Trap™ into gravity drain systems (blow fans).  These units do block/dam from time to time - unblocking them can be costly, time consuming and messy.

Vision Trap Composition
VisionTrap™ Hub:  General-purpose PVC, standard plumbing grade.     

VisionTrap™ Bowl: Optical grade clear nylon.         

Bowl Capacity
The Vision Trap™ holds 225mls of water - more than twice as much as a traditional P-Trap.


Vision Trap™
Installation
Installing Vision Trap™ 
Installing Vision Trap™ is quick and easy.

Here's a short animation showing how it connects into your drainage pipeline.

 
‍
(separate page)
Installation Instructions
For installation purposes make sure inlet/outlet are installed in the correct orientation.  Follow arrows for correct installation.The Vision Trap™ bowl has a 2-start thread.  Ensure bowl is square to trap and adequately tighten.Sealing O-Ring has been pre-lubed at the manufacturing level.  Future lubing of the O-Ring on an intermittent basis as deemed necessary.The top breather pipe needs to be installed after Vision Trap™ installation.The length of breather to be decided at installation, water tray level deemed normal.We recommend the use of a single sterilising tablet in the bowl, to provide long-lasting protection against bacteria, viruses, fungi and spores.Like a p-trap, the Vision Trap™ must be primed with water to function.

Notes
Please install this part correctly as per Manufacturer's Instructions.The PVC inside dropper pipe has been assembled and glued in place at time of manufacture.Capacity - 225mls.

Disclaimer
The manufacturer accepts no responsibility whatsoever for injury, damage or loss due to misuse, poor workmanship, faulty and/or incorrect installation.


(separate page)

Vision Trap™
STOCKISTS
Vision Trap™ Stockists
Vision Trap™ can be purchased at any of our stockists.

Patton
As industry specialists, Patton not only supply superior quality brands, Patton have highly trained and experienced staff who can provide design and technical support to make sure you get the right equipment for every installation. Patton looks forward to providing solutions to your refrigeration, air conditioning and mechanical service needs, not just for today but for the future.

Locations worldwide, including-

9 Branches in New Zealand
11 Branches in Australia
Noida, India
Samutprakam, Thailand
Visit website

Realcold
Realcold is a leading wholesale supplier to the refrigeration and air-conditioning industry in New Zealand. We specialise in refrigeration component wholesaling and are managed and operated by qualified, experienced refrigeration engineers.

Locations throughout New Zealand, including-

Whangarei
North Harbour
Auckland
Hamilton
Tauranga
Hawkes Bay
Palmerston North
Wellington
Christchurch
Dunedin
Visit website

-